CHARACTERS
	Princess Reese
The castle’s dumb blonde. Tries to seem as put together and elegant as she can, but when you really talk to her you’ll quickly find she has no idea what she’s talking about. However, she always tries to keep a positive attitude and is very good at asking people to do things for her. Daughter of Mary and Maxwell.
	Queen Margaret Ⅰ
Stuck up, judgy, and closed-minded. Very skilled at controlling her husband and daughter by making them feel guilty. Sarcastic. Despite this, she has done an excellent job at running the castle/kingdom and has no intention of stopping. She dearly loves her family on the inside, under her hard outer shell.
	King Maxwell Ⅰ
A little too perfect for his own good. With stunning looks, a loyal and open personality, and an amazing repertoire of good deeds, Maxwell is the most liked person in the castle. The only trouble he seems to have is when his wife is mad at him. However, Maxwell has secrets that not even his wife knows, secrets that could endanger the kingdom. Perhaps he’s not what he seems.
	Steve, Castle Artist (Calls himself Adrian)
He’s an incredibly skilled painter that gets paid a hefty amount for his astounding work. Though he’s from England and everybody knows it, he always pretends he’s french and his act is a little too stereotypical to be believed. He takes himself way too seriously and is afraid of being wrong about anything or making mistakes. When this happens, he covers it up as best he can.
	Samantha the Joker
At one glance you’ll tell she is fed up with her job. With smeared makeup and a constantly unfunny act, Samantha spends most of her time in the castle dungeon. Despite her lack of effort, one could argue she’s the most mature person here. She hates how everyone in the castle puts up an act, and she’s determined to expose them all at any cost.
	Charming, Head Knight
His name is self explanatory. He’ll do anything it takes to protect the royal family, even if it means sacrificing everything he has. Though it could never work out, he’s in love with the princess. His personality is serious yet cheery. However, he has a hard time coming to term with harsh emotions and spends most of his time living in a metal mask.
	Vex, Magical Black Cat
A mysterious, wise talking cat that helps out the castle regularly in exchange for scraps of food. Vex puzzles and scares the rest of the cast, but has never done anything to hurt them. Yet. Vex’s magical abilities and potions can sometimes get out of hand, though, and Vex is very easily embarrassed. It would only take one small unfortunate event to get her to snap…
	Scene 1 - Opening Cutscene
(Camera slowly panning across a stone castle wall . Cabinets and bookcases can be seen. Reese is walking with the camera.)

Reese: Once upon a time…
In a faraway land where the letter Z was pronounced very weird,
Lived a prestigious royal family in their-

(Shows family portrait)

Hey! That’s me! Princess Reese! Isn’t my dress just beautiful?

(Slowly pans across picture, showing each member of the castle)

And that’s my wonderful mother, Mary! Better have good manners around her. And my brilliant father Maxwell! He’s the most smartest persons I know. There’s our artist, Steve. If you call him Adrian, he might think everyone believes he’s french. Oh. Samantha. Worst joker ever. Her jokes are soooo 2,000 years ago. There’s Charming, our brave head knight who’s the best friend you’ll ever have.

And here’s- uh- black...space?

(Pans to a gaping black void in the middle of the room)

Uh, uh, (Rapidly panics and loses composure)
Developer! Developer!? Fix this!

(Realizes no one’s coming)

(Whispering to self) Come on Reese, you can do this! No. Wait. Someone else can do this. Princesses shouldn’t “DO” anything.
(Talking aloud) Come on, who’s there? Oh! You there! Player! Why don’t you put something in?

(Choice of colors to put in for wall, all ugly)

Oh, that color is...really something! Let’s hope that never happens again, for your sake and mine.

(Queen Margaret runs in)

Mary: Good heavens! Did you see? Our dinner table is completely gone! 
Reese: Worried catchphrase!
Mary: It seems the developer didn’t put anything in! We’re stuck looking at a black void!

(Maxwell walks in)

Max: Reese, honey, come! We shall deliberate at the void table. We have prepared a negative feast. Margaret, you’d better come too. 

Scene 2 - Platforming from Portrait Room to Dining Room

Reese: Eek! A gap! I hate that store… Wait, look! A hole! Good thing I have inhumanly good jumping skills.
Reese: I hope mother doesn’t get too upset.

Scene 3 - In Dining Room
(Mary, Reese, and Maxwell enter)

(More than the dining table is gone. There are voids in the walls and floors.)

Maxwell: (Appalled) My beautiful dining room! This isn’t a simple robbery. It’s a dangerous. dubious, digital disaster! We must collect the staff. However, the developer is too lazy to create complex story arcs for more than a few characters, so we’ll collect three people. Where shall we go first?

(Choice to go to the dungeon, the armory, or the museum. This is a crucial decision. The Reese, Max, and Mary will obtain different things at each location that they will bring to each other location, so how you navigate and platform will be different each time.)

Scene 4 - Platforming (All Choices)
Reese: Who knew we had so many chandeliers? And how did they all fall in such conveniently challenging locations?

Ew! A disgusting rat! / Something tells me that stray isn’t too friendly...

 A door? With a LOCK? Ugh! Open sesame! I command you!

Max: Sweetie, I have the key…

Margaret: Nonsense! The next thing you’ll tell me is that the player’s choices actually have an impact on the game! Let’s go find the key in a challenging and unnecessary fashion!

Max/Reese: Let’s do it!

Scene 5A - Dungeon
(Playing as Samantha)
Sam: (Restrained by chains in the dungeon) Oh, woe is me. Shall I ever escape this stony hell? I am not funny nor interesting. Pretty nor smart. Mysterious nor fun. What have I lived for? If my mother and father were to see me now surely I would have no supper for a week. Not that I have supper here. I bet the entire staff forgot about me, the wretched bunch. All of them hiding their true selves with invisible masks. If there were to be a disaster I would crumble here, al-

(Max, Mary, and Reese run in)

Oh my GOSH you are so ANNOYING!!! Did you SERIOUSLY come here interrupting my WOEFUL MONOLOGUE? It’s like EVERY DAY with you people! For ONCE could I just stay here IN PEACE?


Mary: Samantha, do you want more time in jail? We just wanted to bring you to the dining room! We need to talk, the developer has started leaving gaps in the castle’s code.

(Dialogue choice) 

Oh. Sorry. I get worked up sometimes. 
Is this how far I’ve sunk? Only being brought out of my shackles for disasters? Mary, where have I gone wrong?
Mary, you’re really not as tough as you think you are. I’m not scared of you. So this had better be good.

Reese: Sometimes? Samantha, you’re really mad all of the sometimes.
Mary: Samantha, you know that we don’t appreciate your attitude. Fix that and we can think about getting you your room back.
Mary: … (Gives a dirty look to Sam)

Samantha: Whatever. Let’s go. My hat is pretty jingly though, it’ll scare away the rats and attract the cats.
